---
layout: post
title:  "Mile One Ventures is born"
author: Chris
categories: [General]
image: assets/images/hello-post.jpeg
featured: true

---
## Welcome

Hello there! 

Firstly thank you for taking the time to visit this site and for reading my first post. 

Over the last few years I have been fortunate enough to speak lots of micro business owners. One thing that stuck me is just how many hats a micro business owner wears and how time consuming running a business can be. What I wasn't expecting to see was the lack of technology used to run a lot of businesses. 

Most businesses I have spoken to have accounting software but other than that there is very little use of technology. A phone, spreadsheets and email are all that a lot power a lot of micros. businesses and this creates a lot of inefficiencies and I believe limits their growth.

Coming from a career in Digital Product Management where building and using software is such a big part of my world, this lack of use of technology took me by surprise. 

Enter Mile One Ventures... My mission is to help with the adoption of technology by micro businesses by providing impartial reviews, information and sign posting. Other than that I have no idea where this journey will take me but if I can help a handful of micro businesses with being more productive through my content, then it will be worth it. 

If you are a micro business owner and have a question about how technology can help make you and your business more productive, please do [ask me a question](https://www.mileoneventures.co.uk/contact/) and I will do my best to help. 

Chris
